---
layout: post.njk
permalink: posts/2025-02-15-eggdrop.html
title: Egg Drop Soup
date: 2025-02-15
tags:
  - cooking
  - posts
---

### Ingredients
- 4 cups of water
- 3 tbsp corn starch (dissolved in 1/3rd cup of water)
- 4 chicken boullion cubes
- a sprinkling of salt
- a sprinkling of white pepper
- a pinch of sugar (I don't think this really did much)
- some spinach i was trying to use up
- 3 eggs, whisked
- a drizzle of sesame oil
- chopped scallion

> Brought 4 cups of water to a boil in a large pot, and chucked in the boullion cubes. Let that simmer and the cubes dissolve, then added white pepper, salt, and sugar. Then I stirred in the corn starch slurry and the spinach. Once that cooked down a little and thickened, I poured in the egg while slowly stirring. I topped off with sesame oil and chopped scallion.

Modified from [this recipe](https://thewoksoflife.com/egg-drop-soup/) and [this video](https://youtube.com/shorts/1h9R2qV50DM?si=a47b6RCd4ymJk-LI), in which YouTube autoplayed a short and I was like hey! I actually have all of those ingredients! I am not buying any more eggs until the egg prices become more normal though (it's currently $8 a carton here) so once I use up this carton, that's it. But this soup was DELICIOUS regardless and I'd love to make it again. Very savory and hearty and good for a gloomy snowy day. It's like a soup version of a modified mapo tofu dish I make a lot, the ingredient base is the same. The only difference is there is no cooking wine, garlic, or ginger used in this, and the liquid is higher (as it is a soup).

For next time, I'd reduce the amount of corn starch used (I don't really think it needs to be that thick) and not add salt, the boullion cubes are already salty enough. I'd also maybe portion ouit leftovers before eating, soup usually isn't filling for me so I ate a lot of this... and because it had egg, it was actually quite filling! A bit too filling. I am going to go lay down in bed horizontally now.